Presenters: 06/24/2021 11-12pm (PST)
Joshua Rainbolt
Liv Erickson
Yuyi Hsu
----------

You can submit issues on the links provided in the slide doc
  * https://github.com/o3de/sig-ui-ux/issues
  * https://github.com/o3de/sig-ui-ux/tree/main/governance
  * https://github.com/o3de/sig-ui-ux/tree/main/rev-the-engine

Several programs that we are doing to improve the UX in O3DE
* Rev the Engine
  *  We interviewed white glove, external and internal customers and collected the major issues
  * We discovered the different stages that people come across
  * We defined 10 most common workflows to test again 
  * We created a rating system to help define the status of the workflows
  * This helped define an unbiased feedback to help evaluate the engine
  * There are two milestones. Milestone 1 is the GA release date.
  * Milestone 2 is for afterwards.
  * Includes: games jams, reassess the rates with the community and measuring Time on Task frameworks.
   * E.g. by using these assessment we have been able to improve a material workflow from 45 mins to 2 mins
  * Jeremy Ong mentioned it would be good to define a standard for these things, so other studios trying to deploy their own workflows they can cross compare too. Gavin, Jonny and yuyi to take offline.

* UI/UX Dev Library
  * UI component library is also available inside as a framework system inside O3DE. It has code snippets and API references that you can build yourself.

* With O3DE being an open source project, will the docs offer a boilerplate of what I will need to know to extend the editor for my own tools / needs?
  * The team have been working on this.
  * We are also doing editor extension assessments to identify these gaps that users could struggle in doing this


Next meeting will be July 22nd, 2021 - 11-12 PST.

Notes from todays meeting will be at  https://github.com/o3de/sig-ui-ux/tree/main/meetings/notes

The slides for the meeting will also be uploaded there too.


------
additional conversations covered during meeting: 

   * How do we prevent UX features that are submitted by the community from going out without UX review? Any ideas on how work on this process.
   * We should give updates on this topic, plus what is going on with icons in general.
   * We should talk about ticket approval process?
   * We need to make some kind of on-call rotation for Sig. Find opportunity in other Sigs to help organize our UX sig.
   * Talk about the bot we are writing for Discord.
     *  Should the bot ping them letting them know there is another location they should involve too?
* (discord threads to discuss) A bug that I think would go into this Sig is when you open a new level the icons for entities in your level all start with the default transform icon, but if you have a camera it will also show the transform one until you click on the camera and click off. It seems they do not update on there own, and your interacting with them updates the 
