# SIG-UI-UX Town Hall for November 2022

**Date/Time:** 2022-11-01 @ 11:00 PT ([Timezone Converter](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=TSC&iso=20221011T08&p1=234&ah=1))  
**Location:** [Discord SIG-UI-UX Voice Channel](https://discord.gg/Mc6jStmuMK)  

#### Attendees
- bhanuja#3608
- Joshua Rainbolt [Amazon]#6715
- mrlee#8206
- Yuyi [Amazon]#4110
- SCB_GameDesign#6435
- Olinad#7312
- Parasite#2562

## Discussion & Action Items

**Slide Deck:** [2022-11-01.pdf](https://github.com/o3de/sig-ui-ux/files/9913373/2022-11-01.pdf)

### Welcome & Introductions
We're changing our cadence of meetings, i.e. replacing the bi-weekly design review with a monthly meeting.  
- [ ] How do we publicize the slide deck for future meetings? There was a suggestion of using Google Slides.

### SIG Update(s)
#### Rev the Engine (RTE)
[2022 O3DE User Survey Report](https://www.o3de.org/blog/posts/2022-o3de-user-survey-report/)

We will be conducting Walk the Engine sessions with users to test the engine this month, and we're hosting them differently to previous sessions. This means that the score will change, as the participants will be coming from all domains rather than specified ones.

A goal for RTE is to work hand-in-hand with each SIG to identify specific areas for improvement, and for the SIGs to own workflows while UI-UX will share our findings and let them know the areas for higher score.

**How do we encourage SIGs to own the workflows?**

With this program in place, we've received positive feedback (e.g. [TechCrunch Article](https://techcrunch.com/2022/10/18/the-open-3d-engine-adds-improved-terrain-creation-and-collaboration-tools/), [YouTube Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F1QkOLMzRxM)) from the community, the engine's interpretation has changed and this program is helping us to move in a better direction! This should be transitioned to the SIGs in a positive manner.

**JT:** We should try applying a measurement metric and give a scorecard to each SIG. This would hold them accountable, and make sure we're helping them better their workflows.  
**Danilo:** It might be difficult to assign the SIGs a workflow each, because they can be split between multiple groups.  
**Josh:** We could break the workflows into sub-workflows and then assign ownership?  
- [ ] Run an exercise on assigning SIGs to each workflow or sub-workflow. Review the SIG charters, and any self-identified ownership.  

With sig-content assigned to most of the workflows, we will wait until their RFC for sub-groups is approved and logistics are figured out.

We should also set bi-quarterly milestones, that allows for opportunities to share our expectations, status, data, etc.

#### UI-UX Roadmap
[O3DE UI-UX Roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/o3de/projects/9)
We will be adding improvements to the O3DE website, and its documentation's information architecture to the pipeline.
- [X] Add a UX Design View to the roadmap.

### Topic(s) of Interest
#### Blue Jay Design System
Lee's BJDS talk will be up on the [O3DE YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/c/Open3DEngine) channel. We will also be releasing the BJDS Toolkit on Figma by the end of 2022; keep an eye out for the updates on the [roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/o3de/projects/9/views/3).

### Open Discussion
**How might we engage more community members to contribute to SIG-UI-UX?**

A few suggestions were highlighted:
1. Water Cooler Chat  
   An unstructured time for people to discuss any topic of their liking, and get to know each other (virtually).
2. Mailing List / Newsletter
3. Design Workshops
4. Reach out to university students, as they can work on our practical use cases for projects and build their portfolio.
5. Collaborate with participants of Global Game Jam (possibly)
