# SIG-UI-UX Town Hall for December 2022

**Date/Time:** 2022-11-01 @ 11:00 PT ([Timezone Converter](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=TSC&iso=20221011T08&p1=234&ah=1))  
**Location:** [Discord SIG-UI-UX Voice Channel](https://discord.gg/Mc6jStmuMK)  

#### Attendees
- bhanuja#3608
- Joshua Rainbolt [Amazon]#6715
- mrlee#8206
- Yuyi [Amazon]#4110
- The 7th Crest#9918
- Wd#8984
- svitlani#3758
- Olinad#7312
- Meister#8237

## Discussion & Action Items

**Slide Deck:** [2022-12-06.pdf](https://github.com/o3de/sig-ui-ux/files/10171288/2022-12-06.pdf)

### Welcome & Introductions
We should try to reduce the effort required for creating the Slide Deck; following the marketing committee's footsteps.

### SIG Update(s)
#### Rev the Engine (RTE)

We ran Round 1 of the Walk the Engine (WTE) session earlier in Q2 2022; by running a survey and received ~200 respondents. This was to better understand the aspects of O3DE that were working well and, more importantly, the ones that need improvement.

We have replicated it for Round 2, and made a few changes: we're now testing with a new user group, users new to O3DE, who provided a score above average (3.4).

Through this approach, we've discovered many opportunities to improve the onboarding experience.

- First, when using the engine you need a lot of prerequisite software (CMake, Visual Studio, Git); these aren't made clear and users were frustrated by the disparate steps.
- Second, users can skip through the building process, which later means their project encounters future errors.
- The fields for entering a remote project and remote templates are difficult to distinguish, so users were confused.

With these usability issues making it challenging for new users to onboard, they're unable to progress to the advanced workflows (Actor Development, Look Development, Multiplayer, and Editor Extension). As they're unable to fully onboard to a working engine, we'll rely on existing users for the end-of-year RTE benchmark.

This will be carried out through a survey for existing community members, through Discord and other channels, and then later through in-depth interviews for detailed feedback.

**What does it mean for us to switch from new users to existing users?**

As the previous benchmark was set with existing users, the new research will be measured in the same way. It will be a closer approximation, and changes in the score might be due to learning effects - users have spent more time with the engine and/or improvements to the engine have paid off. This has a positive, it will attribute changes to the engine rather than an overall perspective.

We will still be missing accurate representation from new users, but a proportion will be new(er). We will also have a less controlled look at their first time using the engine.

#### Transition RTE to the Community
The preliminary plan is to transition ownership of RTE from AWS to the O3DE community, as it provides transparency over the program and visibility of the engine experience to them. This transition is important as we want everyone to own the user experience of O3DE. Currently, the document is in its initial stages and describes RTE, its purpose, background, current status, and the gradual phases of transition.

We can expect, in the future, a RTE Dashboard listing requirements (feature requests, bugs, etc.) collected through WTE (and other means), and we will assign issues to the correct SIG; they will then decide their own cadence of improving the issues. The responsitibility is still on our SIG to conduct the research and inform the community on the issues, but the overall goal is to collaborate in order to improve the CX Score.

**Could this proposal be in the form of an RFC on behalf of SIG-UI-UX?**

Yes, we will initially use Google Docs for better collaboration but format the document as an RFC. After it has been approved by AWS leadership, we will discuss it with the O3DE TSC and then propose it as an official RFC on GitHub. We will be aiming to meet with the TSC by end of January 2023.

Additionally, the transition does not mean we are handing over the responsibility to the community. We will continue working towards to the same CX goal, but want to be more transparent with the community. We want a broader audience to collaborate with and improve O3DE with.

#### Governance Documentation
Currently, we have a problem on how users can contribute back to O3DE. It is difficult for users to find this information. How can we use GitHub and o3de.org to surface this information and where the resources are located? 

- [ ] Work on a contributer's User Journey for O3DE. 
- [ ] Draft a strategy to crosslink the SIG Documentation with O3DE Documentation.

### Topic(s) of Interest
#### Blue Jay Design System; Figma Toolkit
As we are ahead of schedule, we will be focusing on designing more components for the Figma Toolkit, rather than a big announcement of the public release of the Toolkit.

Our goal for this program is to update the Toolkit early, and often!

### Open Discussion
As a continued discussion from last month, for the question on how we might engage more community members within the SIG:

We can use the framework of low-effort watch parties, or discussions on a book or articles. We should begin by curating a list of talks that the community might be interested in.
