# Sig UI-UX Meeting Roadmap 

### Bi-weekly Office hours and Design review (1st week, 3rd week of month)
* During this meeting we: (Originator can be anyone)
  * Review O3DE active designs and provide feedback  
  * Review upcoming RFC or feature request 
  * Provide whiteboard sessions to talk out tickets or issues
  * Provide project feedback.
  * Review customer feedack. 

### Monthly Rev The Engine - RTE program review (2nd week of month)
During this meeting we will go over program direction, any new updates, as well as new feature development work related to RTE. The purpose of this meeting is to discuss the current state of the editor and call out any major UX issues we've have found and where we are at in resolving those issues.

### What's new and early preview (4th week of month)
Please note that we are still refining this agenda so topic might change. 

*  ~~**✓ Topic 1 (2/16/2022):**~~ The Sig UI-UX team wants to understand how we are positioning O3DE as a game engine to start building games for our early adopters. What type of tooling should O3DE focus on right away to help execllerate growth. We will look at some of the data we collected and talk about where we think we should head next. Speaker - @Suzanne Leibrick     
* ~~**✓ Topic 2 (3/2/2022):**~~ Multiplayer workflow: Part 1. To see if all the documentation provided and changes moves the status of this workflow for the RTE program. We will need to make sure you have an updated build and documentation ahead of time.
* ~~**✓ Topic 3 (3/16/2022):**~~ Multiplayer workflow Part-2. To see if all the documentation provided and changes moves the status of this workflow for the RTE program. 
* ~~**✓ Topic 4 - (04/30/2022):**~~ Game building with Prefab focus mode. We would like to demo a few ideas of the latest and greatest thinking about how game designer can focus on their game content moving forward. This gives some in-site on all the parts coming together in our new experiences. These parts include outliner, viewport and inspector changes.  
* **Topic 5 (-/--/----)**: On-boarding. Let's chat about how we want to deal with Gems online. What does this mean. How do we want to support this. Who will use this. Where do we go next?
*  **Topic 5 (-/---/-----):** Actor development . We would like to talk about the concepts and issue about moving the spline outside the actor workflow. What things we need to change what are the most important to move over in  v1
* **Topic 6 (-/---/-----):** World building. What are the changes around combining the veg editor and Landscape-Cavas. I would like to talk about the UX issue we might see come out of this plan.
* **Topic 7 (-/---/-----):**Let’s talk keyboard shortcuts. We have some improvements coming. We would like to hear your thoughts. 
* **Topic 8(-/---/-----):** Editing content on the website. 
* **Topic 9 (-/---/-----):** How do we setup and use Procprefabs workflows? Internal demo to understand the issues.
* *Topic 10 (-/---/-----)*: Asset browser improvements. What we have vs what we need. Where does the community see we need to make changes.

#### Suggested Topics

  * Topics where we give info
        * Roadmap coversation 
        * Expore our user profiles 
        * In depth Bluejay design system. 
        * New features - Asset Browser. 
        * New features - Asset Toolbox  
   * Topics where we recieve info 
        * Demos from the community. Interview other teams about their software design choices.
            * Example: Rust engine.
            * JT’s project
        * Robotech - Engine extentions/ components. Learn from their pros and cons. 
   * Demos - help the community learn and help use the engine.
   * Chats - Want to know more about artist needs
   

# The future of Sig UI-UX Community Engagement:Plan

We would like to increase our communities relationships and contributions with the Sig-UI-UX team. The purpose of is to increase the number of participants attending, raise community contributions, and attract more user to Sig-UI-UX group. Here are some ideas on how we can do this. 


1. **Blog posts** that talking about the process.
2. **Expert interviews** that focuses on Empowering our users. Talk about problems that affect them and get people to be motivated to become owners and enthusiastic about the product. This in turn will influence users to want to participate more.
3. **Host booster events**. These types of events focus on driving big decisions with the community's help. For example when we prototype out content. Allow users to see this A/ B testing and we vote for the outcome in this meeting only. Only people who attend get to vote. Everyone else misses out. 
4. **Gamification**.  Users could earn points, badges, and levels. Points could be used to redeem prizes such as gift cards, swag, and Discord + GitHub badges. We are also looking at ways for users to have an achievement board. Come check out your ranking among your fellow contributors and put a friendly shove to your competition. For O3DE-Con the highest level winner will be recognized among the community with a I’m a bad ass trophy.
5. **All things Roadmap**: What's coming up, what can and can’t we do, feedback about items in the pipeline, assigning community members task, and engaging with product owners about outcomes.
6. **Community contribution:** walking the vertical. Have the community member validate the UX with the Sig UX/UI group. Provide feedback and have community contributions delivered to production. UX to provide help creating tickets with any subsequent follow up tickets. 

### How to measure this?
1. A year end summary of what was influential in our process and what was not.
2. Contributions: at least 1 UI/UX related ticket on GHI.
4. An increase to the average Sig meeting participation.

### Why is this important? 
We are in a period of experimentation where informing / being informed vs empowering /being empowered needs to be tested as levers to see how community engagement will change based on the users. If empowerment increases engagement we should bend our plan to see if this helps with output. 

It is important to keep the community in the loop about what our intentions are and what role they play. So this goal will be put in front of the community to talk about and refine. This includes how they influenced the project. This is all towards the goal of building trust with the community towards future projects.

### Risk and challenges / mitigation strategies: 
For our first year of community contributions we should focus on minor improvements from the community to empower decision making and lower impact risk to the overall project. 

### Dependency: 
Critical tickets, blocker tickets, and important development work come before all other items. These are all non negotiable items as they get to the heart of what we are focused on this upcoming year. However Non critical tickets or items logged against RTE can be put after other major expermentation features when it comes to upcoming events.

### What are some general question we should answer in each meeting.

* How far are we away from this goal? 
* What would you rate this workflow as a user?
* What are the hopes for this workflow in the future?
* What does the community think about this goal?  Is it important issue or should we deproirtize?
* Assinged ownership - could someone pick up ticket? 
* Community contributors - can someone specalized come in and discuss a topic?


