---
name: SIG UX-UI Meeting — todays newest content
about: SIG UX-UI Bi-Weekly Meeting. Expert interviews, global updates, roadmap visibility, and design review.
title: XX-XX-XXXX - SIG UX-UI - today's newest content - <THIS WEEKS TOPIC>
labels: 'UX-BiWeekly-Newest-Content'
assignees: ''
---


## UI-UX SIG Meeting — todays content for XX-XX-XXXX

Hi O3DE Community,
We want to invite you to our conversation about today's newest content, design specifications, and program update. 

**This weeks conversation:**  
 
**In our previous meeting:**  
 
 
 ## Schedule
- **Date/Time:** XX/XX/XXXX @ 10:00am Pacific Time (PT) 
- **Location:** [Discord SIG-UI-UX Voice Room](https://discord.gg/Mc6jStmuMK)
- **Moderator:** UI/UX SIG Committee
- **Note Taker** UI/UX SIG Committee

## Meeting Details
We want to invite you to our Sig UX UI expert interviews, global updates, Roadmap visibility, and design review. This meeting is bi-weekly and we will cover the following items:

•  New and interesting topics that O3DE has hot of the press. Because these items are so new we are likely to find bugs and new feedback from the community. This is kind of the point. As we let you observe and talk to us we can make adjustments to the workflows before it goes out to the masses.  
• RTE program updates and new details. Any new findings, results, or feedback.  
• Check in with designer about problems they are facing regarding tickets and if any help is required.  
• Feedback from any research previously done.  
• Assign designers or UI-UX SIG members UX work.  
• Conduct live research.  
• Create any ticket or close tickets based on our conversation.  


## Past meetings, including a link to the agenda, recording, notes, and resources.
 https://github.com/o3de/sig-ui-ux/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+todays+in%3Atitle

## To sign up for a topic in the Todays topic Bi-weekly meeting. 
 - Please add a **comment** to this ticket with following information
   - Discord name.
   - Topic of conversation.  
   - How much time you might need.  
   - Any UX resource you have already been working with and if their attendance is required.  
   - Any resource to help explain your issue. 


## How can I get UX help on an issue?
We generally use the alternative weeks open office hours meeting to have conversations like this. Please look for the next meeting here and include a request in the comments. As long as time is open we will address your agenda right away. Please give us 24 hours notice before the meeting to have a UX expert in that area join the meeting. 
 https://github.com/o3de/sig-ui-ux/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+Office+in%3Atitle+
  
 
## How can I Help? 
• Great question. If you have speciality such as research, design, or a unique understanding of game development. Let us know so we can help facilitate conversation on how best to contribute.  
• Offer to be a note taker. We always need some help here. Facilitating a meeting and being a note taker can be tough, so any one willing to help will be appreciated.   
• Offer to be a person willing to help put together agenda items and or review agenda items from previous meetings.  

## What should I bring to the bi-weekly meeting?
• Nothing, unless your a presenter, your attenance and great conversation is enough

## Cut-off time / cancellation 
• For the UI/UX bi-weekly meeting the UI-UX SIG team will check the GitHub Agenda item ticket 24 hours before the scheduled meeting, if no one signs up in the session, we will lock down the agenda of that day.
• If you are unable to attend after signing up, Please just reach out in discord or on the ticket to let us know about the change.
