# Rev the Engine Goal for 2021

In 2021, we plan to achieve the following goals through the Rev the Engine Program.

### Overall Goal

  An engine builder studio can evaluate the engine by building a simple game with a few tech artists in the team, and package and test the game on Windows and Linux  platforms.
  
### Target Users

  Game Developer in the engine builder studio

### Goals for Each Workflow

  * #### Workflow 1: Onboarding Experience
    * Goal: Passable (3)
      * Users can install and setup the engine to be ready to use within an hour on Windows and Linux platforms.
      * Users can access and manage the remote gems easily.
      * Contributors can follow the instructions to share their gems with the community easily.

  * #### Workflow 2: Gameplay Design
    * Goal: Passable (3)
      * A user can create a level, add and remove entities from a prefab, save the level, and use the viewport to manipulate entities and prefabs. 
      * A user can set up a character controller using inputbindings and Script Canvas
      * A user can enable two entities to collide with one another and trigger an event with a specific behavior authored in script canvas when a collision occurs

  * #### Workflow 3: Actor Development
    * Goal: Poor (2)
      * Setup an actor and control it to run simple locomotion animations in the scene.  

  * #### Workflow 4: World Building
    * Goal: Poor (2)
      * A user can lay out the basics of a single level with a rough design for where buildings will be
      * A user can use the whitebox tool to modify meshes and generate a shape to represent future art

  * #### Workflow 5: Look Development
    * Goal: Passable (2)
      * Support WYSIWYG for single model with multiple materials between DCC tools and O3DE.
      * Complete the pre-production and pre-vis (beautiful corner).

  * #### Workflow 6: Networking & Multiplayer
    * Goal: Poor (2)
      *  As a user, I am able to create a multiplayer component for my game.
      *  As a user, I am able to use Script Canvas to create a simple game in 1 hour.   
          *  Start up 2 clients and server   
          *  Each client is a capsule controlled with NetworkInputs   
          *  The level has stacked boxes with networked physics   
          *  Players can run into boxes to see physics in action   
          *  Players can spawn a ball to "shoot" the boxes   
          *  Players can be single entities (not a hierarchy)

  * #### Workflow 7: Team Building
    * Goal: Passable (2)
      * An Engine Developer (C++ experience) can package up the Engine and any extensions they have made to the Engine and share this with a Development / Design / Tecnical Artist team
      * A Developer can take the package from their Engine Developer, easily install and access the Editor
      * A Development team can use a version control system to share assets / levels of a project

  * #### Workflow 8: Editor Extension
    * Goal: Passable (2)
      * A developer with C++ experience can follow a documented tutorial that explains how to build a Gem that adds a menu item that opens a new Window in the editor

  * #### Workflow 9: Packaging & Deployment
    * Goal: Passable (2)
      * A developer can follow the doc to package the game and send it to the QA team to test on windows and Linux platforms.

